# Introduction
With the advent of streaming platforms, there’s no doubt that Netflix has become one of the important platforms for streaming. The dataset that we have used for EDA and clustering has been collected by Flixable, a third-party Netflix search engine. There are 12 features and around 7700 observations in the dataset and are mostly textual features.

Through univariate and multivariate analysis, we found trends that will help in understanding what content is being consumed country-wise, depending on some categorical features like rating, type, genres, cast, directors, etc. Clustering was performed along with NLP on textual columns and then a mini-recommendation system was built out of it.
 
 # **Problem Statement**

 This dataset consists of TV shoes and movies available on Netflix as of 2019. The dataset is collected from Flixable which is a third-party Netflix search engine. In 2018, they released an interesting report which shows that the number of TV shows on Netflix has nearly tripled since 2010. The streaming service's number of movies has decreased by more than 2,000 titles since 2010, while its number of TV shows has nearly tripled. It will be interesting to explore what all other insights can be obtained from the same dataset. Integrating this dataset with other external datasets such as IMDB ratings, rotten tomatoes can be also provide many interesting findings.

 # **Project Summary**
Firstly I have imported the important libraries required for the analysis. After that i have uploaded the csv file.Then i have got the first look of my dataset from which i got to know that the given dataset consists of 7787 rows and 12 columns.Then I have printed the shape of given dataset.Then i have printed the rows and columns count. Then by using the info method i got my dataset information.After that i have checked the dupliactes and the missing values in the dataset and i found that the dataset does not consists of duplicates values but it consists of missing values. Then i have ploted the heat map for missing values count.The director column has highest number of missing value of 2389. And the rating column has lowest number of missing value of 7.Then by using the descibe method i have printed the description of the given dataset, then i have explained the each of the variables of the dataset.Then i have checked the unique values for each columns.Then i have performed data wrangling for handling the missing values.Then i have performed feature engineering and then i ahve data visualization in which i have plotted 5 charts to show the relationship between the variables.Then i have done the data preprocessing in which i have removed the stopwords , non ascii values and performed tokenization, vectorization.Then at last i have implemented two ML models i.e Kmeans clustering, Hierarchical clustering.A content based recommender system was build using the similarity matrix obatined after using cosine similarity.This recommender system will make 10 recommendation to the user based on the type of the show they watched.
